README.md, before:

# Vet Clinic Database

>This project a relational database is used to create the initial data structure for a vet clinic. A table is created to store animals' information, insert some data into it, and query it.


## Getting Started

This repository includes files with plain SQL that can be used to recreate a database:

- Use [schema.sql](./schema.sql) to create all tables.
- Use [data.sql](./data.sql) to populate tables with sample data.
- Check [queries.sql](./queries.sql) for examples of queries that can be run on a newly created database.


## Author

👤 **Chawanzi Ng'uni**

- GitHub: [@chaw-bot](https://github.com/chaw-bot)
- Twitter: [@chaw36422087](https://twitter.com/chaw36422087)
- LinkedIn: [Chawanzi Ng'uni](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chawanzi-ng-uni-449328212/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/chaw-bot/Vet-clinic-database/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add schema diagram to README file

README.md, after:

# Vet Clinic Database

>This project a relational database is used to create the initial data structure for a vet clinic. A table is created to store animals' information, insert some data into it, and query it.


## Schema Diagram
![Schema Diagram for the Vet Clinic DataBase](./img/schemaDiagram.png)


## Getting Started

This repository includes files with plain SQL that can be used to recreate a database:

- Use [schema.sql](./schema.sql) to create all tables.
- Use [data.sql](./data.sql) to populate tables with sample data.
- Check [queries.sql](./queries.sql) for examples of queries that can be run on a newly created database.


## Author

👤 **Chawanzi Ng'uni**

- GitHub: [@chaw-bot](https://github.com/chaw-bot)
- Twitter: [@chaw36422087](https://twitter.com/chaw36422087)
- LinkedIn: [Chawanzi Ng'uni](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chawanzi-ng-uni-449328212/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/chaw-bot/Vet-clinic-database/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
